I'm talking about these people who are not just here, but must be done by America.
The same as you're taking very good measures, seems like all of these people are just curious.
I suppose the first complaint he became a displaced person last week, years after the end of the war.
He did it?
No, the deadline for confirming the telling about the elephant's illness is this place first.
The displaced person was displaced in January 1, 1949.
So, and that's that person who found to be displaced by the end of 1948, and how to pay the taxes to the police.
Now, Senator, will this measure make us have a lot more unemployment in this country?
As I shouldn't thank God, so, Scottie, in the first place during the war, we agreed many of our supporters weren't used.
And also, as I've pointed out here before, these displaced persons, who they have found to be eligible, can come in and future immigration supporters would be engaged to fit there most of them.
And then, a great many of these displaced persons, are blessed to see the possibility of handling the issues new endabriceness countries that we do not have.
But at any rate, a person or a nation doing a charge of disdain does not do it in the selfish manner.
We are committed international to take our share of the world's problems, to the situation we're victimized by war.
And I'm glad that America has kept its promise.
As a matter of fact, the offspray you and Canada are dealing with most other, most of the other nations of the world where there's opportunity to take in the forces that have written any more of these issues that we have in the United States.
Now, that's an interesting explanation, Senator. Those affected first and foremost, who far away, I'm afraid many of us, have failed to grasp the great significance of the action.
So, what matter did the Senate think of after finishing the displaced persons' field in the war?
Well, try to be recessed for a long weekend.
The Senate did not meet Thursday that it was just from the, well, until two o'clock in the morning, Friday or Saturday, and of course Sunday.
The House of the Ten Bay used to be keeping, but the other Senate is much less important.
But it does make you issue still in the House, Senator?
Well, maybe for the Easter holidays, anyway, then there were many other things sometimes, maybe things, which I would like to know.
But by staying here on the job, perhaps we will adjourn long before I pull this.
You will remember our first session then last year until the last of our first visit to Long Beach, time session in this year.
When do you think Congress will adjourn this year?
Oh, it's very hard to tell. Some say the latter part of August, some say the latter part of July.
But I had to venture again, I would say about the middle of July.
Well, as they say about the first of August, or maybe a little after the middle of July.
Well, that won't leave much time to the 22th Senators, 435 members of the House in case the election can't wait.
Well, it will be hard on those responsible countries, and then democratic countries, such as Ireland, and the Senate, the Young and Most of the East of the States.
Of course, I have started to start off the Central Election in most of the states, which is the general election of the country in November.
Perhaps our Southern Democrats in the House will make the best use of this East to reach it.
Now, let's see, what else happened in New York?
Well, one of the most vital measures in this country is the housing bill.
It's finally agreed upon in constant, that's why we're talking about this.
That I believe is on Thursday.
We covered the provisions of this bill in previous broadcasts, and if everybody would be helpful, if you would brief us on the compromises reached by the country.
Well, of course, the compromises reached by the countries may very frequently, be very different from what this has in the House or in the Senate's proposal.
The country is, I think, somebody actually said it was a kind of a third-body of countries.
Anyway, the country is agreed to a lot of $250 million to the federal market, national market, which is about whom mortgage?
It was agreed also that $12.5 million remaining in the RFC housing fund might be used to free-sappercase housing loans.
Then it was agreed to $43,000-units of housing bill during the war to be turned over to communities at every press for both housing and housing.
Just because this will prevent many sessions from being turned out of that home.
Another agreement that the interest rate for $300 million in long-range loans, registration and fees for institutions and tax of the housing at about $2.5 percent.
The RFC will be committed also to $25 million at $2.5 million in housing taxes, just 95 percent in the post.
If $55 percent in the two-offent is remembered for that, I think that that's about the government's points which were in the previous broadcasts.
Thanks, Senator. On Monday, I believe you had a long conference for Secretary of State Dean Hatches.
Did you let us in on the results?
Well, I thought it was on Tuesday as another fact, and I enjoyed the conference very much. Dean Hatches is a really good calming man, although that doesn't always agree with us.
I don't know that there were any results.
I think that, Charlie, I asked Secretary Hatches to give us some idea of where we were headed for in our foreign policy.
Our conference was confirmed since the delivery of the details and the cases of the public policy.
But after the emergency people did like to know where we were winded after all of these broken VR lines and details.
That is the March of plan and the limited military, paid program and its federal events are entered into effect.
One thing in particular, I suggest to protect our attitude, is that he keeps members of the Senate and the House better informed that the State Department should be good and good so that we internally inform our district.
During the war, when everything had to be more that secret, the people who have been hugely willing to take the seats and have the foreign policy bar, pushed out on the past party's basis.
But I'd ask you in a great minute if such a question starts.
But now, they are rightfully asking the Senate troops and Congress from the details of what our foreign policy is, but it's accomplishing what our final goal is to proceed.
As far as I today from the war period, when security demanded to be leaves the situation to what we hope and believe is accomplishing the decision.
And now that that picture is changed, we are thinking to win the peace and world freedom and a different type of say that freedom is everybody's decision.
As a result, I think the Secretary will hold very articles, conferences, with the members of Congress and then formal manner and some assembly room near the Capitol.
So that is done or if it doesn't work that effectively, I'm thinking in terms of reintroducing my plan to provide a law-acquired and answer period between members of the Senate and members of the Senate.
This would require formal appearance, Secretary Actors and Secretary Johnson from the other Cabinet members in time to time.
The Secretary also took the Secretary Actors in order to deal with the office of the U.S.
A little time later, the formal meeting of the Ministry of the Constitution, Secretary himself, and the members of the Senate and the House Secretary of the Senate.
After all, the Ministry of the Constitution says all of us know and are letters to the Justice and they know the people back home as well as the members of the Senate.
And I think the meeting of the Secretary Actors and members of the Constitution and the State Department is with the United States Secretary of the Senate and the House.
The Secretary of the Senate and the House Secretary are at fire at the bottom, helping people in fall.
Did you discuss your Atlantic Union resolution with the Senate Actors and Secretary Actors?
Well, I thought to and I think I've been treated and at least been in touch with the Secretary of the Constitution, working out of the plan of unity with other nations and having come to involve all the people to do that.
I don't mean to imply that we have food, I have food, I have food, I have food, I have food, I have food, I have food, I have food, I have food.
And I think that the Secretary is thinking in our direction.
There are many other questions that I should like to ask from the head of our Kennedy's friends and our two brothers.
That's the our remaining kind of remedy.
I think there will be time for you to give a clear idea about the reduction in federal aid for hospital construction.
My home Henry County voted 5 to 1.
If you're participating in this program, it's a short time ago so you can see that there are people who can see Henry's.
Well, I certainly didn't say that the continuation of the hospital building program under the April fall, feel a burden at.
We got a lot of mail on the question of socialized medicine.
Those who join me and want to maintain confidential relationship with the patient and his doctors.
And as we oppose socialized medicine as I do, I say that one of the best actions is socialized medicine supporters.
This is about adequate medical facilities within the league to all people everyday.
Everyday lives is sacrificed for purpose and addicts is sad and well-equipped hospitals.
It's not near enough to provide proper medical attention.
And of course doctors is very going to do their best work or must-have laboratories and hospitals.
If we can bring about better facilities and education for government assistance, more doctors and nurses,
I think we will have gone a long way for meeting the arguments of socialized medicine.
Therefore I'm also restoring the $75 million reduction in the appropriation bill for federal participation from city, county and state hospital.
The center of that time is up.
Thank you very much.
Until next week of this year, look on the center for S to keep on.
We'll be back on this station with its next meeting reports.
It's calling the east to county. It's making an act.
No?
It's all your fault you didn't bother all of our men. You're more of a problem now.
No.
What?
You didn't talk.